[IAM-5212] dispaly and fix docs for setting up SAML Okta app (#2022)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/basics/sso/configuring-sso-in-okta.md

---
id: configuring-sso-in-okta

> title: Configuring SSO in Okta 

Author: fixed

3. Click **Add Integration**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/okta/add-integration.png')} alt="Add Integration" width="600" />

4. Change the name of the application or leave the default value and click **Done**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/okta/rename-app.png')} alt="Rename App" width="800" />

5. Next, assign users to this application. Click **Assign** and assign specific accounts or groups.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/okta/assign-people-groups.png')} alt="Assign People or Groups" width="650" />

6. Go to **Sign On** tab.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/okta/sign-on-tab.png')} alt="Sign On Tab" width="450" />

7. In the **Credentials Details** section, ensure that the value for **Application username format** is a [valid email address](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#name-id). The default format for **Okta username** is an email address, unless it has been changed in Okta Admin Console.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/okta/username-format.png')} alt="Username Format" width="650" />

> 8. In the **SAML Signing Certificates** section, click **Actions** and next **View IdP metadata**. A new tab will open. Copy the content, and save it as an XML file. Use this metadata file to set up the SSO Integration at Sauce Labs in the [Team Management Panel](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the **SAML Signing Certificates** section, click **Actions**, and then  **View IdP metadata**. A new tab opens. Copy the content, and save it as an XML file. Use this metadata file to set up the SSO Integration at Sauce Labs in the [Team Management Panel](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider).
```

Author: fixed
